# Design Patterns in Use with React and TypeScript
This project exercises all 23 Design Patterns (GoF) through the real-life examples of UI (React based) features found in various industries.

The primary purpose here is to give better ground during the technical interview process.
The overall quality of the project follows under the following criteria:

* Project tickets adequately defined and managed.
* Documentation clarity, coverage, and formatting.
* Number of examples per design pattern.
* Design pattern implementation accuracy.
* Code style and structure management.
* E2E test coverage.
* Unit test coverage.
* Project dependencies were up-to-date.
* Git commit messages clarity and consistency.
* Git log hygiene — proper branching, merging and rebasing.

# Disclaimer

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

The reason being that there's little to no advantage of creating a custom setup unless some specific scenario.

---

# Generated by the Create React App script

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
